 https://codepen.io/ovenbakedgoods/pen/zYNPaJE?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? HMTL that gives meaning to a page/content

    2. What is HTML used for?  
    HTML is used to make the structure of a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attriubte species where linked content is located. We put it inside image or anchor tags

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 tag is used for the main header of the page. It should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Image and Anchor

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata, links to style pages, link to javascript files, title

    7. What is an id? An id is an identifier used for identifying a unique element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can only be used once on the page 

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an identifier that can be applied to multiple elements for identification

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you like. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To give an image description in the case of screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?

    #id{

    }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic while a div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used for styling a web page 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class can be applied to many elements. An Id can only be applied once.
A class could be applied if we have a group of sections that we want to apply the same styles to.

An id can be used if we only want to apply a change to a single element. I.e. A single anchor element in a nav group

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    .class{

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector lets us select all children of a parent element. When we want to be more specific


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    .sidebar a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    a psuedo selector can be a psuedo class selector or an psuedo element selector. Psuedo selector allows us to have different effects for different states i.e. active, hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Line height will change the the spacing between lines. 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The universal selector
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 
    print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file.text
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To collaborate with others 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every time you get a new feature working or every twenty minutes 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First we fork a copy of the project 
    Clone the project using https
    create a branch firstname lastname
    after changes are made
    git add
    git commit -m "message"
    git push 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    a block element starts a new line and width is based on parent width. Inline element does not begin a new line and width is based on tag

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 
